feat: Lockfile support (#1010)
wbthomason/packer.nvim: README.md

- Uses jobs for async installation
- Support for `git` tags, branches, revisions, submodules
- Support for local plugins

> - Lockfile for for keeping plugins in sync between systems

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Lockfile for keeping plugins in sync between systems
```

Author: Thanks this has been resolved.

Additionally, if functions are given for these keys, the functions will be passed the plugin
name and information table as arguments.

### Lockfile

> `packer` provides a `lockfile` to help manage plugin updates. This is useful for users that store their
> configuration in some sort of source repository. Committing packer's lockfile will ensure that packer will
> `install` and `update` plugins to known working commits for their configuration.
> 
> Enabling lockfile support will change the default behavior of `install`, `update`, and `sync` commands.
> If the lockfile contains a plugin, packer will update to that commit instead of the latest changes. If the
> plugin is not found in the lockfile packer will fetch the latest changes.
> 
> When wanting to update your local plugins to the latest changes call your packer update command with
> `--nolockfile` argument. This will ignore the lockfile and update your plugins to the latest changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`packer` can provide a `lockfile` to help manage plugin updates. This is useful for users that store their
configuration in some sort of source repository. Committing the lockfile will ensure that `packer` will
`install` and `update` plugins to known working commits for their configuration.

Enabling lockfile support will change the default behavior of `packer.install()`, `packer.update()`, and
`packer.sync()`. If the lockfile contains a plugin, `packer` will update to the specified commit instead
of the latest changes. If the plugin is not found in the lockfile, `packer` will fetch the latest changes.

If you want to update your local plugins to the latest changes, call `:PackerUpdate` or `:PackerSync` with
the `--nolockfile` argument. This will ignore the lockfile and update your plugins to the latest changes.
```
not sure whether to write as `packer` or Packer

Some example commands:

```vim
" Generate the lockfile to lockfile.path defined in packer's config
PackerLockfile

" Generating a lockfile to some other path
PackerLockfile --path="/some/other/path.lua"

" Update plugins to the state defined in lockfile
PackerUpdate

" Updating without applying lockfile
PackerUpdate --nolockfile

" Updating a specific plugin without applying lockfile
PackerUpdate --nolockfile plenary.nvim

" Updating plugins and applying a specific lockfile
PackerUpdate --lockfile="/some/other/path.lua"

" Updating a specific plugin with a specific lockfile
PackerUpdate --lockfile="/some/other/path.lua" plenary.nvim
```

The same options that apply to `PackerUpdate` also apply to `PackerInstall` and `PackerSync`.

### User autocommands
`packer` runs most of its operations asyncronously. If you would like to implement automations that
require knowing when the operations are complete, you can use the following `User` autocmds (see
`:help User` for more info on how to use):

> - `PackerComplete`: Fires after install, update, clean, sync, and upgrade asynchronous operations finish.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `PackerComplete`: Fires after install, update, clean, and sync asynchronous operations finish.
```
